README.md, before:

![](img/seo-insights-header.png)

SEO Insights is a Chrome extension to display the most important information of a website at a glance.

*Read this in other languages: [English](README.md), [Deutsch](README.de.md)*

### Features

* Summary / Overview (meta description, title, canonical, etc.)
* Headings (with count of chars and words)
* Meta (Open Graph, Twitter, Dublin Core, Parse.ly, etc.)
* Images (image size, alternative, title, domains)
* Hyperlinks (protocols, external and internal hyperlink, preload und DNS prefetch)
* Files (stylesheets, JavaScript, special files)
* HTTP-Header
* Tools
  - [Google Page Speed Insights](https://developers.google.com/speed/pagespeed/insights/)
  - [W3C CSS Validation Service](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/)
  - [Nu Html Checker](https://validator.w3.org/nu/)
  - [GTmetrix](https://gtmetrix.com/)
  - [Rich Results Test](https://search.google.com/test/rich-results)
  - [Mobile-Friendly Test](https://search.google.com/test/mobile-friendly)
* Multilanguage: English and German

![](img/seo-insights-summary.png)

### Used libraries

* [jQuery 3.6.0](https://jquery.com/)
* [Bootstrap 5.0.1](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.0/getting-started/introduction/)

### Installation

#### Google Chrome / Microsoft Edge

 1. Download this repository as a [ZIP file from GitHub](https://github.com/SEO-Insights/seo-insights/archive/main.zip).
 2. Unzip the ZIP file. You should have a folder named `seo-insights-main`.
 3. Open the extensions page on Google Chrome or Microsoft Edge:
    - _Google Chrome_: `chrome://extensions`
    - _Microsoft Edge_: `edge://extensions`
 4. Enable Developer Mode.
 5. Select the `seo-insights-main` as unpacked extension.

Commit message:

added some chrome web store information

README.md, after:

![](img/seo-insights-header.png)

![Chrome Web Store](https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/v/nlkopdpfkbifcibdoecnfabipofhnoom?style=flat-square)

SEO Insights is a Chrome extension to display the most important information of a website at a glance.

*Read this in other languages: [English](README.md), [Deutsch](README.de.md)*

### Features

* Summary / Overview (meta description, title, canonical, etc.)
* Headings (with count of chars and words)
* Meta (Open Graph, Twitter, Dublin Core, Parse.ly, etc.)
* Images (image size, alternative, title, domains)
* Hyperlinks (protocols, external and internal hyperlink, preload und DNS prefetch)
* Files (stylesheets, JavaScript, special files)
* HTTP-Header
* Tools
  - [Google Page Speed Insights](https://developers.google.com/speed/pagespeed/insights/)
  - [W3C CSS Validation Service](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/)
  - [Nu Html Checker](https://validator.w3.org/nu/)
  - [GTmetrix](https://gtmetrix.com/)
  - [Rich Results Test](https://search.google.com/test/rich-results)
  - [Mobile-Friendly Test](https://search.google.com/test/mobile-friendly)
* Available in English and German

### Used libraries

* [jQuery 3.6.0](https://jquery.com/)
* [Bootstrap 5.0.1](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.0/getting-started/introduction/)

### Chrome Web Store

This extension is available in the [Chrome Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/seo-insights/nlkopdpfkbifcibdoecnfabipofhnoom?hl=en) and can be installed in Google Chrome and Microsoft Edge. To test the current development version, instructions are [available here](https://github.com/SEO-Insights/seo-insights/wiki/Entwicklung).

[![](img/available-in-the-chrome-web-store.png)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/seo-insights/nlkopdpfkbifcibdoecnfabipofhnoom?hl=en)
